gh-150858: add stop-the-world in `type_set_qualname` (#150859)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2026-06-03-16-27-00.gh-issue-150858.j2dSkD.rst

Fix a data race in :c:func:`type_set_qualname` where concurrent calls

> ``__qualname__`` could cause a memory corruption on free-threaded builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a data race while changing ``__qualname__`` of a type concurrently on free-threaded builds.
```
